PD-121 update directory services articles (#1759)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/Credentials/DirectoryServices/KerberosSettings.md

  - /scale/credentials/directoryservices/kerberosscale/
tags:
- scalekerberos
---

{{< toc >}}

{{< include file="/content/_includes/KerberosIntroWarnings.md" type="page" >}}

## Kerberos Settings Widget

The **Kerberos Settings** widget in the **Advanced Settings** on the **Directory Services** screen displays current settings.

![KerberosSettingsWidget](/images/SCALE/22.12/KerberosSettingsWidget.png "Kerberos Settings Widget")

**Settings** opens the **Kerberos Settings** configuration screen.

## Kerberos Settings Screen
The **Kerberos Settings** screen includes two fields used to configure auxiliary parameters.

![KerberosSettingsScreen](/images/SCALE/22.12/KerberosSettingsScreen.png "Kerberos Settings Screen")

{{< include file="/content/_includes/KerberosWarnings.md" type="page" >}}

{{< hint danger >}}
If you do not understand Kerberos auxiliary parameters, do not attempt to configure new settings!
{{< /hint >}}

| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|

> | **Appdefaults Auxiliary Parameters** | Additional Kerberos application settings. See the appdefaults section of [krb.conf(5)] for available settings and usage syntax. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Appdefaults Auxiliary Parameters** | Additional Kerberos application settings. See the [appdefaults section of](https://web.mit.edu/kerberos/krb5-1.12/doc/admin/conf_files/krb5_conf.html) for available settings and usage syntax. |
```

> | **Libdefaults Auxiliary Parameters** | Additional Kerberos library settings. See the libdefaults section of [krb.conf(5)] for available settings and usage syntax. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Libdefaults Auxiliary Parameters** | Additional Kerberos library settings. See the [libdefaults section of](https://web.mit.edu/kerberos/krb5-1.12/doc/admin/conf_files/krb5_conf.html) for available settings and usage syntax. |
```
